- [Woman] Let us now talk about the redirection concept
in the servlet specification.
If you look at our websites landing page,
there are a lot of hyperlinks at the top right corner.
One of them has been labeled as LinkedIn.
My requirement is that when I click on this hyperlink,
it should take me to the LinkedIn website.
This exactly is the idea of redirection.
So let's take a look at it.
When we talk about redirection,
it means we are handing over the control
outside the current application context.
The current application context for our goals
is H plus sport,
and from there we want to go now to the LinkedIn website.
This is how the flow will look.
There's a client,
whose going to click on the hyperlink of LinkedIn.
When the request goes to App Context One,
which is the H plus sport application,
the application is going to understand
that this request is for LinkedIn
and I would not be able to serve it.
So what it does is
it gives a response back to the client
stating two things.
First is, that I would not be able to serve this request
because it is for LinkedIn.
And second, the url for the LinkedIn is as follows
please go ahead and hit a request to LinkedIn.
The browser always and hits a new request
which is now going to go to App Context Two
which is a LinkedIn application.
So this feature in which you are navigating
out of your application and moving on
altogether to a new application
is the concept of redirection in servlet specification.
Redirection is done with the help of redirection API,
and it is available on the http servlet response object.
So we're going to implement this in our application.
Let's go in the cord.
This is my index html
and that's the listed limit on line number 25
which is called the hyperlink of LinkedIn.
What I have written is
I've done a redirect servlet which is extending http servlet
and it is annotated with the url pattern of redirect.
It is called a doGet method
and the sole job of this method is
to redirect the control to the LinkedIn website.
So what I need to do is on line number 17,
I need to take the response object
and I have to simply call a method called send redirect.
Now this send redirect API is going to ask me
the full url of the other application.
So I'm going to enter that information here
as a http://www.linkedin.com
It demands you the full http url because
it's another application altogether.
Right, so that's all that we have to do in this method
Now let's take this url pattern and attach it
to the hyperlink on line number 25.
Once we do this,
let's quickly go ahead and check out our changes.
So now if I click on that LinkedIn hyperlink,
do you see what happened?
I actually navigated to the www.linkedin.com website.
Now whatever actions I do here
are all going to be served by the LinkedIn application.
This is a very common functionality which
is hosted in lot of web applications today,
where you have hyperlinks pointing
to famous popular websites like
Facebook, Google, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc
So this is how you can implement that functionality.
So couple of more points when you talk about redirection.
The control is redirected to
a resource outside the current context.
And in this entire process the browser plays a major role.
Because the first application context is going
to tell the browser to hit the new application's url
So browser definitely got it all to play.